Kongo Superman hey my Gallina Hojo this
is a fucked-up situation in a city boy
we try and change that best way we know
how in a too slow pick the fit pick that
just right there there's muxu up best
parts of buckets out boys don't bite the
car yeah everybody's Bo Baltimore rod is
too sir well cool anyway to see them
early Ronna do buy one of these
this is total craziness man brought him
in the streets like this like in certain
counties they got places out there for
kids throughout them and not just
driving through the city and endangering
other people's lives with them on the
weekdays you know that's that's pretty
much the only time the pack is different
you know but you know Sunday me
everywhere together we ride together got
vote for a second quarter proven I got
your whole full up like a nuclear
warhead that's if you can fly better
with your forehead they closing all the
racks they're closing all the rec
centers so what do a child supposed to
do tell me something he like to hit
people would that fall not even way too
much playing trauma by a cohort
yeah he's show me try to light it like
this
he'll be happy like maybe showboating
down Sunday I might write down wheels
deal with the pet for the first time
you're not out here original by then we
understand we breaking the love but you
know you're going to pull these break
the law so shit you know